Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
Who wrote Brave New World ?
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
What is an urban legend ?
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
What is real time processing ?
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
What does gringo mean ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What food can I use to catch a possum ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
What is the most populated city in the world ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
What is the population of Japan ?
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
What country has the port of Haifa ?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
What is a leper ?
What is the best art and design school in the world ?
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
What are the main blood vessels ?
What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
Name an American made motorcycle .
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
How many sides does an obelisk have ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
What is dry ice ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What is a fear of points ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What is Win Rah ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
What is the highest continent ?
What does `` saute '' mean ?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
What religion has the most members ?
What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
What is a fear of water ?
What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What is the temperature today ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
Which Latin American country is the largest ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is splatterpunk ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
How long is human gestation ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
How many countries are there ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
What is an arab strap ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Aspartame is also known as what ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is a fear of home surroundings ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What are tannins ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
What does MSG stand for ?
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
How do you make a paintball ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
What did Tristan come back as ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
What is the purpose of BIOS ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
When was Nostradamus born ?
What is Zionism ?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What is the C programming language ?
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
Why is the grass green ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
What is titanium ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
How do birds have sex ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
How can I get started in writing for television ?
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
What is the largest city in Texas ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
How many muscles does an oyster have ?
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
What is he doing now ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
How do you become a dentist ?
Kosovo is a province of what country ?
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
What is the tallest mountain ?
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
Who shoplifts ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
What is the most popular last name ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
What exactly is radiation ?
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
What is a fear of slime ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What is her profession ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
What does Elysium mean ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
What is California 's capital ?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
What are field effect transistors ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
What is money made of ?
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
What is a glory hole ?
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What is tyvek ?
What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
What are dinosaur droppings called ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
What is a drought ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
Where is the Taj Mahal ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles ?
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
What animals can live the longest without food ?
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
What country borders Denmark to the south ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
What is a fear of food ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
What is a tonne ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What are the seven deadly sins ?
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
What causes an earthquake ?
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
Who invented Make-up ?
What is a fear of hell ?
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
What are the first ten amendements passed ?
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
How loud is thunder ?
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
How old was Gene Siskel ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What is the capital of Kosovo ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
What is a fear of stings ?
What is The Gay Science ?
Who invented the fax machine ?
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
What is the capital of Uruguay ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
What is viscosity ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
Why do people get calluses ?
In what year was the Wall built ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
What are geckos ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What are some children 's rights ?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
What does a resurrectionist steal ?
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What is pandoro ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What makes you fat ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
What is osmosis ?
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
How do I love thee ?
What movie has made the most money ?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
What is sound ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
What is a cullion ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
Who told all in Ball Four ?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
How does a copier work ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
What is troilism ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who killed JFK ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
What are tonsils for ?
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
What do sailors use to measure time ?
In what war was the first submarine used ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
What is the Peloponnesian League ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
How many liberty bells have there been ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
What does palindromic mean ?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
How do I know if I am pregnant ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
Who followed Caesar ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
What is ethology ?
What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
What company sells the most greeting cards ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What university fired Angela Davis ?
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What is a stratocaster ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
What is witch hazel ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
What is an aurora ?
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
What does Robert mean ?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
What do economists do ?
What toy can you make sleep ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
What country will hit the year 2 first ?
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What is `` dew point '' ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What is the most popular sports car color ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
What are the stars made of ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
What is meant by blood SED rate ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
How many elephants are left on earth ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What is thermal equilibrium ?
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
What is the regular price ?
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
What is the definition of low island ?
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
What is habeas corpus ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
What was an `` Asiento '' ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
What does CPR stand for ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
How do clouds form ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
What is a nematode ?
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
What is probability theory ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
How far away is the moon ?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
What is an ecological niche ?
What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
What baseball player was walked the most times ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What are the Baltic States ?
In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
What is a fear of odors , body , ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What did Benny Carter play ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
Why is hockey so violent ?
What good are mosquitoes ?
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
What happened to Answers.com ?
What are the largest breweries in the world ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
What is the principal river of Ireland ?
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What does an edentulous smile lack ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
What planet gave bith to Superman ?
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
Who created Big Ben ?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
What is measured in curies ?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What is the best-selling book of all time ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Which of the five senses develops first ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
Which of these are authors ?
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
How much iron is in your body ?
What is InterLata Internet service ?
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
What does caliente mean , in English ?
What is the present Pope named ?
What does a heliologist study ?
When was the slinky invented ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
Who invented the stethoscope ?
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
Who invented the fountain ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
When was the Big Thompson flood ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
Where did the name root beer come from ?
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
What is LMDS ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
What makes sperm ?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
How many people own pets ?
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
What is cache memory ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
What is making love ?
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
What does snafu stand for ?
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
What does BUD stand for ?
What state has the most Indians ?
What is the Taj Majal made of ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
What is ouzo ?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
What year did Charles Dicken die ?
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
How many people in America snore ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
Who invented batteries ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
What is e-commerce ?
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
What currency is used in Australia ?
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
What is office automation ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
How big is a baby bald eagle ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
What is Linux ?
What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
What is DTMF ?
What are amphibians ?
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
What is fellatio ?
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
What countries have the most auto thefts ?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
Who won the Superbowl in ?
What is Smartnet ?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
How can I find online spelling ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
When was the USSR dissolved ?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
How big is Australia ?
What makes thunder ?
What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
